now a motion picture so grand so
magnificent and so vast it spans 7,000
years no way yes way but it starts with
Bill who would've Joan of Arc and Ted
though his wife we're in danger of
flunking most heinous ly tomorrow a
force from the future can we go anywhere
we want at any time they can do anything
you want it's putting history at their
fingertips let's reach out and touch
them they're traveling through time and
they're making a big impression
historical babes now their hope Trish
the 20th century no live one here Keanu
Reeves Alex winter Nepali
we're from history Billy the Kid Joe
Navarre
Sigmund Freud tell me about your much
new musician Beethoven
Abraham Lincoln party on dudes
Socrates George Cartman we're history a
few guys are really us what number are
we thinking of 69 dudes Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure